README.md, before:

## Hint: To run it easy and fast just download the repo + docker and run `./docker.sh` in the root directory xD


### Installation

`JDK 1.8:` Install JDK 1.8+ and make sure class path is set properly. JAVA is require to start `Selenium Server` nothing else. [Java_Home](https://www.appsdeveloperblog.com/how-to-set-java_home-on-mac/)

`Node.JS:` Install  from the site - https://nodejs.org/en/  take the LTS version based on your Operating system. Please make sure you install NodeJS globally. If you have nvm installed globally, then run `nvm install` to get the latest version of node specified in the`.nvmrc` file [here](/.nvmrc).  If you don't use nvm, be sure that you are using a compatible version. Further details on nvm can be found on the official [github page](https://github.com/creationix/nvm). MAC OSX users are best suited to install nvm with homebrew `brew install nvm`.

Once installation is done - open terminal (MAC OSX) or command prompt (for windows OS) and type below command to verify NodeJS has been installed properly.

        node --version
        npm --version

Above command should print out the version that you have installed.

Now navigate to the framework's package.json folder and run `npm install` to grab all dependencies.


### Selenium

  To run your test You must have selenium server up and running to execute any WebdriverIO tests, or it will fail fast with an error. There are two ways you can run selenium.

  Once all the node dependency modules are installed (through `sudo npm install`) then for development, you can run  `npm run selenium-postinstall` followed by `npm run selenium-start` if you wish to start it manually else you can use `services: ['selenium-standalone'],` in .conf.js to start it automatically which has been added as part of this project. That's all there is to it.!. Please note that this step is only one time activity at the initial framework set up. Alternatively you can also use below options to start the selenium server.

  1. Install Selenium (selenium-standalone) through NPM (this is the recommended way to install) as you can use it as a services in your framework without worrying to start the selenium server manually. Please note that you follow this below step if `selenium-standalone` package in not been installed through package manager. If you are behind a specific proxy, then in that case you need to set environment variables:

  - On OSX:
    - NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED=0

 - On Windows:
    - setx NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED 0

```
  sudo npm install selenium-standalone@latest -g
  sudo selenium-standalone install
  selenium-standalone start
```
  OR

  2. Download the latest selenium standalone server version: and then for example
    $ java -jar selenium-server-standalone-3.4.0.jar. This option is require if you have not done the step No-1. Else ignore it. this is the other way of doing.

  Note: While installing through sudo command - you need to provide System admin password. On windows don't use `sudo`


### Run the Tests

To execute the entire test suite in local development, you can use the command mentioned below:

`npm run test:local`

To execute tests on Docker use : 

`./docker.sh`

### Reporters   

##### Allure

The Allure Reporter creates [Allure](http://allure.qatools.ru/) test reports which is an HTML generated website with all necessary information to debug your test results and take a look on error screenshots. Add allure to the reporters array in config file and define the output directory of the allure reports.

To generate and view an allure report locally, run `npm run report:allure`. A typical Allure report will look like this

![ScreenShot](https://github.com/allure-framework/allure2/blob/master/.github/readme-img.png)

Allure has several other reporting tools optimized for the CI server of your choice.  You can [view the documentation here](http://wiki.qatools.ru/display/AL/Reporting).

Commit message:

Add mobile support through browserStack

README.md, after:

## Hint: To run it easy and fast just download the repo + docker and run `./docker.sh` in the root directory xD


### Installation

`JDK 1.8:` Install JDK 1.8+ and make sure class path is set properly. JAVA is require to start `Selenium Server` nothing else. [Java_Home](https://www.appsdeveloperblog.com/how-to-set-java_home-on-mac/)

`Node.JS:` Install  from the site - https://nodejs.org/en/  take the LTS version based on your Operating system. Please make sure you install NodeJS globally. If you have nvm installed globally, then run `nvm install` to get the latest version of node specified in the`.nvmrc` file [here](/.nvmrc).  If you don't use nvm, be sure that you are using a compatible version. Further details on nvm can be found on the official [github page](https://github.com/creationix/nvm). MAC OSX users are best suited to install nvm with homebrew `brew install nvm`.

Once installation is done - open terminal (MAC OSX) or command prompt (for windows OS) and type below command to verify NodeJS has been installed properly.

        node --version
        npm --version

Above command should print out the version that you have installed.

Now navigate to the framework's package.json folder and run `npm install` to grab all dependencies.


### Selenium

  To run your test You must have selenium server up and running to execute any WebdriverIO tests, or it will fail fast with an error. There are two ways you can run selenium.

  Once all the node dependency modules are installed (through `sudo npm install`) then for development, you can run  `npm run selenium-postinstall` followed by `npm run selenium-start` if you wish to start it manually else you can use `services: ['selenium-standalone'],` in .conf.js to start it automatically which has been added as part of this project. That's all there is to it.!. Please note that this step is only one time activity at the initial framework set up. Alternatively you can also use below options to start the selenium server.

  1. Install Selenium (selenium-standalone) through NPM (this is the recommended way to install) as you can use it as a services in your framework without worrying to start the selenium server manually. Please note that you follow this below step if `selenium-standalone` package in not been installed through package manager. If you are behind a specific proxy, then in that case you need to set environment variables:

  - On OSX:
    - NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED=0

 - On Windows:
    - setx NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED 0

```
  sudo npm install selenium-standalone@latest -g
  sudo selenium-standalone install
  selenium-standalone start
```
  OR

  2. Download the latest selenium standalone server version: and then for example
    $ java -jar selenium-server-standalone-3.4.0.jar. This option is require if you have not done the step No-1. Else ignore it. this is the other way of doing.

  Note: While installing through sudo command - you need to provide System admin password. On windows don't use `sudo`


### Run the Tests

To execute the entire test suite in local development, you can use the command mentioned below:

`npm run test:local`

To execute tests on Docker use : 

`./docker.sh`

To execute tests on mobile device use : 

`npm run test:mobile`

Take in mind that for mobile support you will need to add your browserStack credentials and be already subscribe to the Mobile Automation plan. 


### Reporters   

##### Allure

The Allure Reporter creates [Allure](http://allure.qatools.ru/) test reports which is an HTML generated website with all necessary information to debug your test results and take a look on error screenshots. Add allure to the reporters array in config file and define the output directory of the allure reports.

To generate and view an allure report locally, run `npm run report:allure`. A typical Allure report will look like this

![ScreenShot](https://github.com/allure-framework/allure2/blob/master/.github/readme-img.png)

Allure has several other reporting tools optimized for the CI server of your choice.  You can [view the documentation here](http://wiki.qatools.ru/display/AL/Reporting).
